docs: Add a documentation section in Readme (#67)
anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend: README.md

To run the tests run: `python manage.py test`.

> ## Documentation

Reviewer: @Amulya-coder I think it would be more appropriate to change the title from "Documentation" to "About"

Author: @khushishikhu we work on the documentation section of this repo so only about doesn't make much sense, I had taken a reference from this: https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-backend#documentation please check it.

> ## Project Documentation

Reviewer 2: Can you remove the word `project` from this?

Author: Sure

> - Join us on [Open session](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/237907-open-source-progs/topic/Open.20Sessions) and see [Meeting minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YF13IbBrU1ln4ZF1fOpgb-xGRgIF6tZLSjIBQgDmN7k/edit).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Read the [Meeting minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YF13IbBrU1ln4ZF1fOpgb-xGRgIF6tZLSjIBQgDmN7k/edit) notes from our open sessions about the project.
```

Perhaps the Open Session mention could go to Contributing section. Also, topics can be easily changed, so it's easy for this link to become invalid. But we can still link it on another session, documentation isn't available on this topic.

Author: Thanks! I will do the necessary changes.

- For setting up the project locally watch [this video](https://youtu.be/_b2RQGbYN9w)

> - Checkout the video of [GSOC](https://youtu.be/3A746GppZ0Y) here

Reviewer 2: Instead of GSOC. You can write a project demonstration video.

> - Checkout the video of [project demonstration](https://youtu.be/3A746GppZ0Y) here.

Reviewer 2: One last thing, I think if you used `here` in this line then the link should be linked to that. 
for e.g:
`Check out the video of project demonstration [here](https://youtu.be/3A746GppZ0Y).`

Alternative: You can modify the sentence also by removing the here keyword.

> - Checkout the video of [project demonstration](https://youtu.be/3A746GppZ0Y) here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- To learn about the project's initial features, watch the video of [project demonstration](https://youtu.be/3A746GppZ0Y).
```

Author: Done 👍

> - Have questions in mind feel free to ask on [#question stream](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/237907-open-source-progs/topic/Questions).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Design and Mocks Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1MybSH3f8peXGUSRxhDydDtoAi8WJL1th)
- [Timeline deliverables for the project during GSoC 2020](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xl9F5kMZrKo4mNhnP0SKpk7WkQc8PLca1ym7EZMpjSc/edit)
- [GSoC 2020 Project Meeting Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YF13IbBrU1ln4ZF1fOpgb-xGRgIF6tZLSjIBQgDmN7k/edit)
```

This can also go to the contributing section, on another PR :)

Reviewer 3: what I suggested comes from what I wrote [here](https://anitab-org.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/237907-open-source-progs/topic/Open.20Sessions/near/225236028) on Zulip.

Author: @isabelcosta  as someone is already working on contributing section so can I suggest these changes there.

> For more information, see [open-source-programs-backend wiki](https://github.com/anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend/wiki).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, you can read [backend project wiki](https://github.com/anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend/wiki) and the [web project wiki](https://github.com/anitab-org/open-source-programs-web/wiki).
```

Author: Done @isabelcosta.

> For a more complete information on OpenSourcePrograms backend project, please go to [OpenSourcePrograms Backend Wiki page](https://github.com/anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend/wiki)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more complete information on the Open Source Programs backend project, please go to [OpenSourcePrograms Backend Wiki page](https://github.com/anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend/wiki).
```

Reviewer 2: You can also write this:
`For more information, see [open-source-programs-backend wiki](https://github.com/anitab-org/open-source-programs-backend/wiki).`

Author: Thanks for pointing that
